Everything was fine today
But just as the door opened
They have to ask for a red envelope of 8,888 for the price.
You know?
We can't take out this condition at all.
That's what the master is like
It's too much.
10,000 yuan dowry
And 8,880 open-door red envelopes.
It's just deceiving
Where is this marrying a daughter?
This is obviously selling my daughter
Boy, what do you think?
Grandpa Jiang
Uncle, I used to be bored and stupid.
Love the wrong person
I didn't see this royal until today
The face of IKEA
Therefore, this marriage
I've decided.
No matter what you do
Dad supports you
Okay, okay, okay, but it's a pity that these dishes
Who said it's a pity?
I have another announcement to make
After all you've been through?
I am willing to act
It turns out that the person I love the most in my life
It's Cher, he's been with me
He took care of me when I was sick
It was him when I was sad
He was always there for me.
Even going to the royal wedding today
He has always protected me
Even myself
Take out the few dowries for me
Ye Fangge
Grandpa Jiang, I want to marry Cher
Please promise
I told you so
Ye Kid and Cher
He is also a pair of old girls
What do you think?
Child thing
Let them make their own decisions
Will you marry me?